fix jsonget parser (#3462)
dotansimha/graphql-yoga: .changeset/clean-cameras-bathe.md

---
'graphql-yoga': minor
---

> fix valid http get requests with more than one ? character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correctly handle HTTP GET requests with `?` characters in the query search string.
```
